Prod-1

h1: Shaman
p: A proven variety dating back to the 1980’s, Shaman® is a reliable, robust and highly potent F1 hybrid of an exceptional male Purple#1 and a top female Skunk. Bred for the outdoor/greenhouse grower, Shaman® is resistant to mould and bud rot. Shaman® is a distinctive, elegant plant growing with clear Sativa characteristics such as long intermodal distance between the large buds. Around half the plants turn a beautiful shade of purple during flowering which is complete by the end of September or early October outdoors. In a greenhouse, flowering takes 7-8 weeks. Shaman® shows great hybrid vigour and delivers a smooth, woody sweet purple smoke that is a sensual high-quality sativa ‘up’ high.
aside: Shaman® is the perfect choice for the outdoor/greenhouse grower looking for robust, quality genetics that have stood the test of time and will deliver bumper harvests.



Prod-2
h1: Night Queen
p: Night Queen® was created from our original Afghani Night Queen®, a highly resinous variety. It’s one of our strongest indicas ever with THC levels of over 20% and she won 1st Prize at the 2015 Champions Cup in Malaga. Auto Night Queen® continues the family tradition of premium strength sticky kush harvests which are well above average in quality and quantity. Indoors Auto Night Queen® can yield up to 500g/m2 and outdoors in good conditions yields of 150g per plant are not unusual. Auto Night Queen® is one of the most potent autoflowers we have seen, delivering an unusually heavy and long-lasting effect which is popular with medical and recreational users.
aside: To create Auto Night Queen® we crossed a specially selected clone from the original photoperiod Night Queen® and crossed her with a dark autoflowering Afghan Mazar-i-Sharif hybrid from our gene bank.


Prod-3
h1: Brainstorm
p: The genetics of Brainstorm were introduced in our seedcollection in 1996. The strain has been updated for the second time in 2006 by selecting a premium clone from the original seed stock. Through this premium clone the “Brainstorm” feminized seedline is produced.
aside: Brainstorm is a sturdy plant with the power and yield of the famous Northern Lights #5.


Prod-4
h1: Mazar
p: Mazar® is one of the strongest and best varieties ever created by Dutch Passion. Our original Mazar® is a 1980’s classic made from a special Skunk#1 crossed with a prized Afghani, the genetics were upgraded in 1997 and Mazar® remains one of our best selling varieties of all time. Mazar® has a Christmas-tree appearance, the heavy side branches ensure large harvests.
aside: Mazar® was one of the first Dutch Passion varieties available in feminized seeds, since then she has been used by other seed banks in the creation of new varieties.